[Doc] Add `label` prop for `<ReferenceInput>` and `<ReferenceArrayInput>` in docs (#8068)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Upgrade.md

]
```

> **Note**: `<ReferenceInput>` and `<ReferenceArrayInput>` still accepts `label` prop only when they are used in a Filter array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: `<ReferenceInput>` and `<ReferenceArrayInput>` still accept the `label` prop, which is used as the Filter label when they are used in a Filter array.
```
